Migration script 2.9 for PSP removal and other orphaned resources (#16114)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/migration-guide-2.8-2.9.md

---
title: Migration Guide 2.8-2.9
---

> Due to the [deprecation of PodSecurityPolicy](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2021/04/06/podsecuritypolicy-deprecation-past-present-and-future/) with Kubernetes 1.21 and the plan of removal in the 1.25 release, we removed the usage of PSPs for many of our Kyma resources. To delete left-over PSP resources, when you upgrade from Kyma 2.8 to 2.9, either run the script [2.8-2.9-cleanup-psp.sh](./assets/2.8-2.9-cleanup-psp.sh) or run the commands from the script manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the [deprecation of PodSecurityPolicy(PSP)](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2021/04/06/podsecuritypolicy-deprecation-past-present-and-future/) with Kubernetes 1.21 and the plan of its removal in the 1.25 release, we removed the usage of PSPs for many of our Kyma resources. To delete leftover PSP resources, when you upgrade from Kyma 2.8 to 2.9, either run the script [2.8-2.9-cleanup-psp.sh](./assets/2.8-2.9-cleanup-psp.sh) or run the commands from the script manually.
```

> Due to the [deprecation of PodSecurityPolicy(PSP)](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2021/04/06/podsecuritypolicy-deprecation-past-present-and-future/) with Kubernetes 1.21 and the plan of its removal in the 1.25 release, we removed the usage of PSPs for many of our Kyma resources. To delete leftover PSP resources, when you upgrade from Kyma 2.8 to 2.9, either run the script [2.8-2.9-cleanup-psp.sh](./assets/2.8-2.9-cleanup-psp.sh) or run the commands from the script manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the [deprecation of PodSecurityPolicy (PSP)](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2021/04/06/podsecuritypolicy-deprecation-past-present-and-future/) with Kubernetes 1.21 and the plan of its removal in the 1.25 release, we removed the usage of PSPs for many of our Kyma resources. To delete leftover PSP resources, when you upgrade from Kyma 2.8 to 2.9, either run the script [2.8-2.9-cleanup-psp.sh](./assets/2.8-2.9-cleanup-psp.sh) or run the commands from the script manually.
```
